About the job

About the role

Job Description At Tesco; our Data Science team focuses on modelling complex business problems and deploying data products at scale. Our work spans across multiple areas including physical stores; online; supply chain; marketing and Clubcard; where we encourage rotation amongst our Data Scientists so they can gain expertise in different subjects. We work on several domains and problem types: online; pricing; security; fulfilment; distribution; property; IoT and computer vision are just some. Our team members spend 10% of their week on learning and personal development. Multiple academic

collaborations enrich the team expertise; knowledge

sharing events are regular. Furthermore; we have a great work-life balance; team days and relaxed but engaging culture. ROLE DESCRIPTION This is a hands-on position where you will need to leverage your analytical mindset to find solutions to complex problems. As a Data Scientist; you will need to understand difficult business problems and prototype solutions with minimal support. Apply; modify and design algorithms and mathematical models to solve business problems on top of big data architectures (Hadoop; Spark) is a core component of the role. Our data scientists will need to be able to validate; document and present the modeling
process and performances; as well as communicate complex solutions in a clear; understandable way to non-experts. Data Scientists are also responsible for promoting data science across Tesco and promote Tesco across the external Data Science community. CANDIDATE DESCRIPTION We are looking for ambitious individuals with a mix of statistics; programming; and machine learning skills. The role requires that you have an extensive background in machine learning and data mining. A track record in modifying and designing advanced algorithms and applying them to large data sets is essential. An ideal candidate will have a scientific mentality with the ability to ask the right questions; as well as answer them. A strong numerical higher degree in a mathematical; scientific; engineering or computer science discipline is preferable; as well as a solid understanding of mathematics and statistical principles. Experience in one or more of the following fields is required: predictive modelling; operational research; deep learning; and time series modelling. Finally; strong programming

experience (Python is preferred).

You will be responsible for Please refer "You will be responsible for "

You will need Job Description At Tesco; our Data Science team focuses on modelling complex business problems and deploying data products at scale. Our work spans across multiple areas including physical stores; online; supply
data products at scale. Our work spans across multiple areas including physical stores; online; supply chain; marketing and Clubcard; where we encourage rotation amongst our Data Scientists so they can gain expertise in different subjects. We work on several domains and problem types: online; pricing; security; fulfilment; distribution; property; IoT and computer vision are just some. Our team members spend 10% of their week on learning and personal development. Multiple academic

collaborations enrich the team expertise; knowledge

sharing events are regular.

Furthermore; we have a great work-life balance; team

days and relaxed but

engaging culture. ROLE DESCRIPTION This is a hands-on

position where you will

need to leverage your analytical mindset to find solutions

to complex problems.

As a Data Scientist; you will need to understand difficult business problems and prototype solutions with minimal support. Apply; modify and design algorithms and mathematical models to solve business problems on top of big data architectures (Hadoop; Spark) is a core component of the role. Our data scientists will need to be able to validate; document and present the modeling process and performances; as well as communicate complex solutions in a clear; understandable way to non-experts. Data Scientists are also responsible for promoting data science across Tesco and promote Tesco across the external Data Science community. CANDIDATE DESCRIPTION We are looking for ambitious
Tesco across the external Data

Science community. CANDIDATE DESCRIPTION We are looking for ambitious individuals with a mix of statistics; programming; and machine learning skills. The role requires that you have an extensive background in machine learning and data mining. A track record in modifying and designing advanced algorithms and applying them to large data sets is essential. An ideal candidate will have a scientific mentality with the ability to ask the right questions; as well as answer them. A strong numerical higher degree in a mathematical; scientific; engineering or computer science discipline is preferable; as well as a solid understanding of mathematics and statistical principles. Experience in one or more of the following fields is required: predictive modelling; operational research; deep learning; and time series modelling. Finally; strong programming experience (Python is preferred).

Whats in it for you?

Job Description At Tesco; our Data Science team focuses on modelling complex business problems and deploying data products at scale. Our work spans across multiple areas including physical stores; online; supply chain; marketing and Clubcard; where we encourage rotation amongst our Data Scientists so they can gain expertise in different subjects. We work on several domains and problem types: online; pricing; security; fulfilment; distribution;
property; IoT and computer vision are just some. Our team members spend 10% of their week on learning and personal development.

Multiple academic collaborations enrich the team expertise; knowledge sharing events are regular.

Furthermore; we have a great work-life balance; team days and relaxed but engaging culture. ROLE DESCRIPTION This is a hands-on position where you will need to leverage your analytical mindset to find solutions to complex problems. As a Data Scientist; you will need to understand difficult business problems and prototype solutions with minimal support. Apply; modify and design algorithms and mathematical models to solve business problems on top of big data architectures (Hadoop; Spark) is a core component of the role. Our data scientists will need to be able to validate; document and present the modeling process and performances; as well as communicate complex solutions in a clear; understandable way to non-experts. Data Scientists are also responsible for promoting data science across Tesco and promote Tesco across the external Data Science community. CANDIDATE DESCRIPTION We are looking for ambitious individuals with a mix of statistics; programming; and machine learning skills.

The role requires that you have an extensive background in machine learning and data mining. A track record in modifying and designing advanced algorithms and applying them to large data sets is essential. An ideal candidate will have a scientific mentality with the ability to ask the right
candidate will have a scientific mentality with the ability to ask the right questions; as well as answer them. A strong numerical higher degree in a mathematical; scientific; engineering or computer science discipline is preferable; as well as a solid understanding of mathematics and statistical principles. Experience in one or more of the following fields is required: predictive modelling; operational research; deep learning; and time series modelling. Finally; strong programming experience (Python is preferred).

About Us

As one of the world's largest retailers and the largest private employer in the United Kingdom (second largest after the UK government) Tesco serves millions of customers a week in our stores and online portal. Tesco Bengaluru is the only international technology and retail operations centre for Tesco worldwide we make the Tesco experience better for millions of our customers and simpler for over 4,60,000 colleagues around the world. Established in 2004, Tesco Bengaluru is pivotal to Tesco, and we enable its business with our expertise in technology, business operations, property, finance and commercial services
